Add “webhook” to glossary (#12624)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/webhook.md

---
title: Webhook
id: webhook
date: 2019-02-13
full_link: /docs/reference/access-authn-authz/webhook/
short_description: >

>   A way for one component to notify another component in real time, via HTTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A way for one web service to notify another service in real time, via HTTP.
```

Author: I revised the wording here quite a bit.

aka:
tags:
- networking
---

>  A notification message sent from one component to another component's unique URL,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 A notification message sent from one web-based service to another service's unique URI,
```

Author: All the Kubernetes things that send webhooks are also HTTP servers, I think. Is this generally true?
Some things that can send webhooks, and aren't necessarily “web-based”:
- an uninterruptible power supply
- a vending machine that monitors its stock levels
- my smartphone

I think it's fair to call the _receiving_ side “web-based”, even if handling webhooks is a small part of its overall behaviour.

 via HTTP.

<!--more-->

> The two components need not be related, and often are not. The sender need only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two web-based services need not be related, and often are not. The sender only needs to
```

> know the URL of the recipient side. Typically, a webhook makes a `POST` request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
know the URL of the recipient. Typically, a web request is made from the sender to the recipient (via HTTP POST)
```

> that includes a payload in JSON format. On the recipient side, the webhook can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that includes a payload in JSON format. On the recipient side, when it receives the request from the endpoint implementing the webhook, it can
```

> trigger further processing, such as invalidating a cache and refetching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trigger further processing such as invalidating a cache and refetching.
```

> In Kubernetes, “webhook mode” refers to calling an external service via HTTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kubernetes, certain components such as Admission Controllers are able to interact with external to Kubernetes services via webhook.
```

Author: I'm keen to emphasis the difference between early definitions of the webhook concept and the way Kubernetes uses the term.
Is there a way to keep that distinction highlighted?

Reviewer: Is there a "webhook mode" of Kubernetes? I figured that was just a plugin offered by the API Server for admission control.

Author: What I want to explain is that Kubernetes overall uses “webhook” to mean something slightly different that the original / more common meaning.

The admission controller in question is part of Kubernetes, right? It's not a core component though.
